okay we got a little bit more POV
gameplay with the
PC man I wish I could recol the cogs of
bashor skin that's coming
out now it's been a while again since I
played not 6 months mind
[Music]
you but this is my first game of the day
so don't don't be too you know don't
expect too much from me here Lads just
saying what am I against again we're up
against Eldar okay double
heretic as
usual nice in he loves doing this he
loves it but it doesn't really matter
because I got eight models eight
models I uh don't really don't really
care too much I heal a lot
granted another one will be
brutal
whatever your forces obey
you rest H and
destroy the
rest your
K that mes
you ban me into a shrien I want
I for the plan
God
cover
really kind of surprised you can shoot
me from
that to be
honest really and you can shoot me as
well God damn it
H the
[Music]
destructor the disruptor is coming I
don't want
it we will take
it you guys see that [__] Dodge [__]
skills right there man sh it is ours for
the came
in Raptors it is
our your forces oh
cheeky didn't even notice they were over
there your might is not so
great the
rest and now
keep
moving
down summon the
Heretics
buches okay
fine oh that's going to hurt
[Music]
you oh they're
dead
whoops okay the uh the macro is not
working out too well
here see can we tie up the Guardians
no
nope please C
it's all
right shoot this dude go on kill him get
him oh they still didn't kill that
model sad
I clearly don't want to engage here that
would be
[Music]
terrible keep moving the we
go moving
that's all
right our Majesty
oh that quicker Jump's really nice to be
honest that's yeah good good
[__] like that you love
it it's
fine certainly
Heretics this belongs to
we have the advantage
oh that's
[Music]
special yeah that was a beautiful
special among you
I do love it when my R okay so he's gone
for
spiders so we're just going to
heal and we're going to deal range
damage to
him okay more pressure on
wow it's a lot of damage
get out of
here am I getting
healing it feels like it's taking
forever
eny
has okay we're all
right let's get these
out uh yeah we'll go for
Mar we will we'll take it
they be
those bring for all Serv of the dark
gods
our that's so
[Music]
okay get
wrecked blood crushes are so good man
it is
our the
UN it is ours
for yeah but I had the raw though to
make him stop attacking me with the the
XA it's not really that big of a deal to
be
honest now I just go tier
three or I can go play Marines even
what was
that come back into the
healing oh [__] I'm not capping that
whoops my bad
move to the
wall oh yeah he lost the VES I totally
forgot oh he's so screwed
yeah he's Beyond
screwed he is beyond screwed right
now
easy he probably going for a r Lord but
that's why I have leg Marines
now I don't really think anything else
can do much to
me
oops going a bit deep there
blob around
him just's get him on Retreat now easy
demon
hmer go TI three
yeah I I don't know man I think plague
Champion right now is is so strong it's
unbelievable I don't know why he sent in
the um the Banshees that seemed pretty
crazy yeah I had the
raw the whole
time another successful
GG more
elari let's do it uh how am I going to
approach this map this is a bit of a
weird
[Music]
map [__] hell
going just attack here straight
away try and get this VP
[Music]
thing your forces over you
I am
a what
me I don't think there is a problem to
be quite honest I really don't think
there
is there a
myth I just think the PC is strong
that's all it is
it's just a strong
boy
whoops
SC
enem sh
[Music]
one Guardian for heretic sounds like a
good deal to me question is where are
the shurikens boys
they got to be coming
out oh we did go for two thing my Bobs
didn't he two Guardians so the shurik's
going to be later for that
reason rotate him around up let them get
the Decap there it is [__] I'm in range
didn't expect
that no he's going to get the Decap but
at least I can force him
up no he didn't get the deap
nice fine we don't need to bleed oh whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa he's still in
range
[__] I did not expect this
no am I going to lose a
model maybe not well that's quite funny
oh I got him there he was a little bit
too closely set
up right now Raptors can
rotate you can get an AC nice simple
build here
nice and simple
boys
bastard
niestroy weapons for thees
see
I SL planing
God
viory chos
[Music]
he's done he's
done yeah
getting the Reps in boys here we
go take the
requisition think I might sent these the
wrong way around I think I want the two
Heretics going here cuz there's no
garrisons don't want Heretics going here
and then the enemy runs into a Garrison
that seems a bit
stupid but that's fine we'll just like
run over this way boom boom boom boom
boom CSM can come out Force off this VP
and then the heretic here can go down
grab that meet up with this guy who sort
of flanks around this
way we're up against random right
now INF the
Galaxy
chaos oh change
plan fing Le
I
mean yeah I don't know how valuable that
is probably is quite valuable cuz this
messes up sort of my my positioning I
can't
fight isolated
things with my
Heretics like the hmas here are a
problem kill High
spr yeah we we can't we can't
C you will be killed
by all right so you'll grab that and
then you'll go over
there it's
[Music]
fine probably got Warriors already
coming out to be fair let's grab
Havoc we'll n that it's not ideal yeah
enemy hostile forces assil
the attacking
forces I don't think this is a good
fight for him not with isolated
Warriors the enemy has
destroyed your units fulfill your
command we're just going to take it
easy on I need
[__] series of here
ispp
your your units fulfill your
command moving keep moving
keep
moving all
right definitely don't want that k
has
destroy we have the wow this is quite
annoying
the
M we have
more keep
moving
okay
interesting cover ready
cover moving the
en stop
loving take
now we will take is our we will take
it heavy te one against tyranids
boys you know you got to do
it oh could get him here we got him die
nice for
now
thetics we'll reinforce this squad cuz
it's the AC one let's rotate these a
little
bit got a big fight coming up
now we could push his
base probably want to to be honest
probably do
your position
Point
Ming my enemy fire
destroy we shall
hmer can be defeated in the corner by
the AC
tiing
you C ID is ours
keep
moving
destroy
behind
we oh I didn't heal what was that chaos
oh holy [__] that was a lot of damage
what's that all
about oh
what you kidding meory
oh well
whatever he can't take that
fight no not with the spe
there don't kill
this
[__] yikes that's a lot of damage so
he's TI two our it's all right though
got these [__] who never
die these guys never
die probably wasn't the best use of
resources to get pestilence our strength
is but whatever no mercy
it's fine they'll
do get
off these guys fire normally um with
suppression and of course they've got
Plasma Pistol so they actually do a lot
of
damage now he's going to lose him
well Hy very sloppy
and look at the
freaking HP they just regen the AOE
damage our it's not strong
enough
Aion
wow yeah death spits I'm afraid they're
not going to do too much over
here rises from these no
yeah chosen plag Marines
man' what a good
unit look at
this they just don't
die so
strong look at this okay I lost the
model boohoo
boohoo you go for
dread is
temporary all right shitty squad over
this
way I would like Mark of
each I sent them the wrong
way
whatever
watch they
come
on let's get ripped up by all the little
zombies we
heal you knock you
off
dead yes look how powerful that is
man it's gorgeous
that is a lot of bleed my
friends pretty
good and he's out of VPS very nice
[Music]
a